*(Last Updated: April 29th, 2025)*

# Privacy

In order to ensure Donder Helper can be maintained efficiently, some data may be logged. This information is intended only to be used to improve the service.

## Who can access this information?

This information is used primarily by the bot maintainer. With the exception of Discord and Railway, no other third-party will have access to this information.

## What gets logged?

Differing amounts of info may be logged based on certain events, such as through commands, idling, or joining servers. This information is temporary, and is automatically removed one week after being generated.

The following information is logged :

- If the action was executed in a server :
  - The server's primary locale
  - The server ID and channel ID the action was executed in
  - The user ID that executed the action
  - The method in which the action was executed (i.e. through the use of slash commands or the press of a button generated by Donder Helper)
  - The name of the command, the options used, and the values of said options, if executed as a slash command
- If the action was executed in a DM (Direct Message) :
  - The user's locale
  - The user ID that executed the action
  - The method in which the action was executed (i.e. through the use of slash commands or the press of a button generated by Donder Helper)
  - The name of the command, the options used, and the values of said options, if executed as a slash command
- If the user is writing a command that has an auto-complete feature (where recommendations are provided as you are typing) :
  - The current text as it is being written
- If the bot is added or removed from a server :
  - The written name of that server
  - The server ID
  - the server's primary locale

# Usage by other services

## Discord

Donder Helper's slash commands are available to you via. Discord. Donder Helper may be able to access a baseline set of data provided by Discord.

While Donder Helper does not make full use of this information, and/or log all of this available information, you may read further on what Discord allows Donder Helper and all other Discord bots to track here: https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/7933951485975-Visibility-of-Bot-Data-Access

## Railway

Donder Helper is hosted on Railway, which allows the bot to actively run while the bot maintainer is not available. In addition, information generated by Donder Helper may be logged and stored on Railway for up to one week after being generated.

While Railway does not explicitly state that this information is used for any other purpose, you may review their Terms of Service or Privacy Policy here:
- Terms of Service: https://railway.com/legal/terms
- Privacy Policy: https://railway.com/legal/privacy
